Docs 3748: Document payment component styling via dashboard (#2602)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/checkout/customization.md

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MultiSafepay/docs/master/static/img/Screenshot-Payment-Component.png" align ="center"/>
<br>

> ## Styling 

Reviewer: We need to change this bit. Give me a call when you've updated the pull request with the other changes and I'll explain.

We recommend styling payment pages to be consistent with the look and feel of your site.

### Via the dashboard

1. Sign in to your <a href="https://merchant.multisafepay.com" target="_blank">MultiSafepay dashboard</a> <i class="fa fa-external-link" style="font-size:12px;color:#8b929e"></i>.
2. Go to **Integrations** > **Sites**, and then click the relevant site.
3. On the **Site profile** page, under **Style your checkout solution**, click **Edit**. 

> 4. On the **Components settings** page, under **Configure page style**:  

Reviewer: And to change **Preview - Default** to just **Preview**.

    - Set the font family, click the **default** option, and then select the desired font.

    </details> 

    <details id="how-to-style-the-fields">
    <summary>How to style the fields</summary>
    <br>

    Under **Configure page style** > **Fields**, you can:
    - Set the <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/colors/colors_picker.asp" target="_blank">Hex color</a> <i class="fa fa-external-link" style="font-size:12px;color:#8b929e"></i> for the background color, text color, placeholder color, borders, labels, and box shadow. 
    - Set the <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cssref/css_units.php" target="_blank">px(pixels)</a> <i class="fa fa-external-link" style="font-size:12px;color:#8b929e"></i> for the font size, border radius, and label size.

    </details>

    <details id="how-to-style-form-container">
    <summary>How to style the form container</summary>
    <br>

   Under **Configure page style** > **Settings**, you can:
   - Select **Embed mode** checkbox, to add the padding, border, and labels in the form the container. 

>    - Click **Select button** option, to change the all payment methods layout. 

Reviewer: Get Lora to change:
- iDEAL issuer selection > Issuer layout
- Select button > Buttons
And put List and Dropdown in alphabetical order.

   </details>

>    <details id="how-to-set-a-default-template">
>     <summary>How to set a default template</summary>
>     <br>
> 
>     If you have more than one template and want to set one as your default template, use the **Set default** option. You can also give this template a name, which is used as the `template_id`.   
> 
>     </details>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 6. To set this as your default template, select the **Set as default template** checkbox. 
```

> 5. To save the finished template to the relevant site, enter a name in the **Save template as** field, and then click **Submit template**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. In the **Save template as** field, enter the name of the template (used as the `template_id`), and then click **Submit settings**.
```
